Add PrivacyPolicyConsent slot (#188)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/user-auth/slots.mdx

---
title: User auth slots

> description: Learn about the slots provided in the UserAuth drop-in component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn about the slots provided in the user auth drop-in component.
```

---

import Diagram from '@components/Diagram.astro';
import Callouts from '@components/Callouts.astro';
import OptionsTable from '@components/OptionsTable.astro';

The user auth drop-in component provides several slots that can be used to customize the presentation of its containers.

[Extending drop-in components](/dropins/all/extending/) describes default properties available to all slots.

## PrivacyPolicyConsent slot

> The `PrivacyPolicyConsent` slot can be used to display the privacy policy consent checkbox in the [`SignUp` container](/dropins/user-auth/containers/sign-up/). The following example shows how to use this slot to display a custom privacy policy message and link, as shown in the image below.

Reviewer 2: Not a checkbox, just a static privacy consent message (see screenshot added in this PR).
